O v e r v i e w
Being Table Topics Evaluator is one of the most challenging roles that a member can take on because, as soon as the Table Topics session has ended, the Topics Evaluator is called to the front to deliver his/her report. Consequently, there is not much room for thought!
会前准备
【Competent Leadership】Review your Competent Leader manual to identify the project you arecompleting. Ask the third speech evaluator to review your performance and sign off your project.
【Preparing For AnEffective Evaluation】Review Early Bird Table Topics – What would you commend andrecommend?
【Think about evaluations that you have received in the past】What wasgood about them (or not!)? How would you like to receive feedback?
【Be preparedto offer evaluations for up to 12 speakers】 Unique TMCalternates between 6 – 12 topic speakers on different weeks.
到场后
Ensure you have the necessary equipment to capture everything (i.e. pen and speech cards)
会议进行中
【Observing The Topic Session】（1）Watch andlisten to the speakers. What did they do well and what feedback could you givethem that would help them be even better?（2）One suggestionis to make notes on individual cards as this will make it easier to focus onfeedback. （3）Think about key learning points from the projects that you haveundertaken so far and notice if the speaker does or does not do them i.e. suchas speech organisation; right word selection; variety of pace and pitch ofdelivery; body language.
【Presenting The Evaluations】（1）You’ll haveabout 30 seconds per speaker. If using the C-R-C formula: commend – recommend –commend, that’s roughly 10 seconds for each element. Be selective with yourcomments.（3）CRC isn’t mandatory, you may prefer to simply make a series ofgeneralised observations and strong suggestions.（4）It’sparticularly important to present your feedback in the “third person” (eg,he/she/Robert/Susan) rather.
会议结束后
（1）Note any suggestions for improvement from The General Evaluator.
（2）Ask thethird speech evaluator to evaluate your performance in this role – decide whichCompetent Leader project you want this to count towards. In return, please takethe time to provide the third speech evaluator with a Competent Leaderevaluation. If they do not have their manual with them, you will find anevaluation form next to your name badge.

【话术范例参考】English Script
Evaluating Table Topics
Use the CRC for all your speakers

You may find it a challenge toapply the CRC to Table Topics, but it is a key approach to use.

The main issue in evaluatingTable Topics is time management.

Normally in a 15 minute TableTopics session, you will have about 6-8 speakers to evaluate in 5 minutes.

So you will have an average ofabout 30-45 seconds for each speaker.

There are two ways to go aboutthis
1.   Treat each speakerindividually, but briefly. You can give varying amounts oftime to individual speakers, using your judgement to give more time to aspeaker who needs more advice, and less to others. Watch out for a common fault– too much time for the first three speakers – then you can’t give properfeedback to the remaining speakers.
2.   Concentrate on a particularskill and apply it to each speaker. This allows you toidentify in detail the key elements of a particular skill and make youranalysis with varying times for each speaker. If you use this method, you canalso give an individual evaluation to a particular speaker if you think itimportant.
Examples of particular skillsrelevant to Table Topics Evaluation
Structure. Did the speaker havea clear beginning, middle and end – that is introduction, body, conclusion?
Eye contact. Did the speakeraddress all the members? This is very relevant when speaking from the seatedposition, rather than out at centre front.
Taking up the speaking position. The speaker shouldgive themselves plenty of space by moving their chair well back, or moving behindthe chair. If the speaker stands behind the chair, it is important not to gripthe chair, because it restricts hand and arm movements (and looks nervous).
Besides these particular skills highly relevant to Table Topics, all theother important speaking skills are relevant. See the help file on Evaluation.
A final bit of advice – use a brief CRC –Commendation, Recommendations and final Commendation – for all speakers. Youmay find this difficult to handle at first, but it is an important structurefor the benefit of the speakers you are evaluating.
